>> Nina Zakharenko: Generally,
you'll want to debug your code with
print statements when
you're first starting out.
So just an example of that,
I'm gonna make a new file and
I'm gonna call it mystery.py.
And I'm gonna make
a function called mystery.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And I'm gonna
say that my number is equal to this.
And if my number is equal to 10,
let's set it to the number times 10.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Otherwise,
if the number, and I can use an l, also,
here as well.
Otherwise, if the number is equal to 30,
we're gonna set the number
to the number times 30.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And we're gonna return
that number, let me hide the terminal for
a second.
And then at the bottom of the file
we're gonna call this mystery().
>> Nina Zakharenko: And
notice that calling the function is not
indented under the function definition.
So calling that real quickly.
Oops, I wanted to print
the result of calling mystery.
We'll see that the number was 900 and
it's like well I'm not really
sure what happened here right?
So we can put some print statements here.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And that will help us
figure out which path we went down, right?
You can say num was here.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And I'll add these
particular files to the Git repo so
that you can look at them.
Now if I run this code again,
well I know which condition was met.
I know what the number was set to, right.
Generally, as you advance in Python,
you're gonna want to use a debugger.
But for the time being,
print statements are a great tool.
But you just have to remember not
to litter your production code with
them, right?